hi how about my youtube people like
they are once again know of louis
services there in this video tutorial les
I bring a pack of six games of ps x
for your playstation one pc for your pc
totally portable and free then
this is going to be a very good gift
then hopefully and enjoy the games
that I bring to you are nothing more and nothing less
that these images showing the
images the pepsi me for pc I bring you
hercules for pc I bring you nazca rumble
that I know is very good also for pc
I do not know how to pronounce well and
I also weigh and I bring you the goal
shield for pc and finally wine crisis
for pc hopefully and enjoy all those
games simply matter of
download them and there is no need to
install it I will leave the links in the
the video you are watching and when
download by mega and you will get six
compressed files like 'sexting' and
they just give you right click extract
here and they will be extracted I already extracted the
nascar Ramble Tamble I think so and
does not extract and now I'm going to approve those that
yes they work and they are spectacular
I'm going to open it when they've been emulated
we are simply going to give you a file and
let's see configuration for
configure the controls in controls and
that we change the configuration because
here we who was my idea applied it
as in my taste
we hope that we are now disque
the truth that they are very good games
they like very much ready let's wait in charge
and says that this game has played it a lot
when they had their play 11 we have
I hope you like it
this
and we are going to see what track
in this piece I do not like to play this
track though I see it very complicated this
it's just to show you that all
corden games if you want to place it in
large screen we simply place
here we are going to think about how they are going to give
mind that I will win first
more weight projection playing these games
and we arrived in the race with the first
Player Luis is with you and is leaving
by the shortcut to reach according to what
the others so in this race just
he's going to win one and they kiss
support and finally for you
we are the first first and your first child
first a vision addition where I am
new
webb webb there are two mixed beeas the team
because you have power
help me youtube people
because in that way
I need help to finish this
video that wins me
telesur I know you will like it a lot
that game really is very entertaining
hopefully and enjoy it as you
want
so without more and less I say goodbye
you voting this manzanita that
they instructed more
finish
well, my Youtube people, I hope
liked that video can look and catch
give the other videos and you
they will find us an alert
me please do not touch me do not touch me
do not touch me
is those video games are very cool and
very entertaining and they want to have
one enjoy all the time that
you want
and that he's still riding more video games like that
like these for your pc then tell me what
What do you write sluizer sar chau?